# ML_PushoverCurves_Prediction
This repository is an appendix of the thesis document for obtaining the MSc. of Applied Analytics at Universidad de La Sabana presented by Carlos Angarita. The available products are as follows:
1. Papers: Presents the links to publications related to the generation of ML models for predicting pushover curves in low-rise building frames.
2. Database: Presents the entire generated database, which includes the trilinear approximation of the pushover curves and the input data used to generate the pushover analysis (Excel and Pickle format is available).
3. Python available functions: Presents an approach to use somo python functions to make predictions individually (one by one) and with multiple inputs (many structures). Those functions have the option to present the normalized (or not) results (based on the structure height and the structure weight), the verification of normative requirements (also the format and the suggested ranges), the ML models to make the predictions, and the variables of the trilinear approximation that the user needs.
4. GUI: Presents a link to download the Graphical User Interface (GUI) from a OneDrive. The "onefile" carpet presents an executable (.exe) of the GUI (i.e., you just need to download and distribute this executable). And the "onedir" carpet presents an executable (.exe) less heavy, and a carpet called "dist" with all the dependeces of the executable (i.e., you need to download the dist carpet and the executable for a correct use of the GUI). 
